Update maintenance-notifications-portal.md (#111810)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/maintenance-notifications-portal.md

## Notification and alerts in the portal

> [Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) has a dedicated tab for Planned Maintenance where all Azure services (e.g. Virtual Machines) publish their upcoming Maintenance events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) has a dedicated tab for Planned Maintenance where all Azure services (for example, Virtual Machines) publish their upcoming Maintenance events.
```

> Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in Azure Portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure might communicate the schedule by sending an additional email (besides Service Health) to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin and Subscription Owners group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual Machine related Maintenance notifications are available under [Service Health](https://aka.ms/azureservicehealth) in the Azure portal. For some specific Virtual Machine Planned Maintenance scenarios, Azure might communicate the schedule by sending an additional email (besides Service Health) to the Subscription Classic Admin, Co-Admin, and Subscription Owners group.
```

> [Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom Service Health alerts for Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts you can assign different Action-Groups to include additional recipients, channels (emails, SMS etc.) based on event or service type, like Virtual Machine maintenance in this context. For more information, see [Create activity log alerts on service notifications](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Azure Service Health](https://azure.microsoft.com/get-started/azure-portal/service-health/#overview) enables users to configure their own custom Service Health alerts for the Planned Maintenance category. With Azure Service Health alerts, you can assign different Action-Groups to include additional recipients and channels (such as emails and SMS) based on event or service type, like Virtual Machine maintenance in this context. For more information, see [Create activity log alerts on service notifications](../service-health/alerts-activity-log-service-notifications-portal.md).
```

> While creating alerts specific to Virtual Machine maintenance, please make sure you set the **Event type** as **Planned maintenance**, and **Services** as **Virtual Machine Scale Sets** and/or **Virtual Machines**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While creating alerts specific to Virtual Machine maintenance, make sure you set the **Event type** as **Planned maintenance** and **Services** as **Virtual Machine Scale Sets** and/or **Virtual Machines**.
```
